---
layout: activity
title: Project Introduction and Resources
---

### Overall instructions

Throughout the semester you’ll work on pieces of a website that is about something you’re interested in and that both features serial content and products. For example, you could build sites like this:

* Marvel comic fan site: A site that sells a series of products related to the Marvel comics such as movie posters, original comic books, and other swag (products) as well as publishes news related to comic book series, movies and TV series (information).
* Apologetics site: A site that sells books and other content to help Christians be prepared apologists (products) and publishes short articles in response to current issues (information).
* Artist site: A site that markets the artwork of a particular artist or group (products) and on which the artist publishes blog-like articles about their life and work.

I recommend that you create a site based on content that already exists on the web. Alternatively, you can create a new site, but just be aware that this will require the additional work of writing the content and potentially generating new images.

You will create this site through a series of stages, each of which is explained in more detail in the week in which it is due. These will outline a specific set of requirements and evaluation points for each.

The final submission will fulfill the following requirements:

* It will contain a home page, an "about" page, product list page, at least 5 product pages, article list page and at least 5 articles (14 total pages).
* It will be beautiful and refined, worthy of including in a portfolio.
* It will be easy to use and navigate.
* All final website files will be neatly contained in a single “site” folder.
* It will contain cleanly formatted and semantic markup in organized, properly named, HTML files, stored in the “site” folder or an appropriate subfolder.
* It will contain a single centralized, neatly formatted and organized CSS file that is stored in the “site” folder.
* It will contain a single “images” folder placed directly in the “site” folder containing any images used in the site. These may be further organized in subfolders as needed. Each must be prepared in the most appropriate file format.
* All final design assets will be prepared in Fireworks (or other software as approved by the instructor) and organized in a separate “artwork” folder.

In the first 5 lessons of the course we'll build an HTML-only but fully functional prototype of the site. In the last five lessons we'll design our site using Sketch and then build out the styles and layout using CSS.

### Resources

Watch this video that introduces the project wireframes and the sample site:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DhBhaLiC7uY" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

* View the [professor's example prototype in InVision &raquo;](https://invis.io/BE9ONJ6VF#/210649118_Home)
* Download the [sitemap template](/docs/project-sitemap.pdf)
* Download the [style tiles](/docs/style-tile-template.sketch) starter file for Sketch (used in PD7)
* Download the [wireframe](/docs/project-wireframe.sketch) starter file for Sketch (used throughout, and built out as a design comp in PD8).
