---
layout: activity
title: Project Deliverable 7 -- Style Tiles
---

See the [Project Overview and Resource](/activities/pd00.html) page if needed.

In recent years, a trend has emerged to use “style tiles” as a way to present visual style ideas to a client and get feedback before spending the time and energy to build out the whole site as design comps.

***Read about [Style Tiles from Samantha Warren »](http://styletil.es/)***

For those interested in more details, [read a longer description from Matthew Carver’s The Responsive Web »](http://0-proquest.safaribooksonline.com.library.cedarville.edu/book/web-design-and-development/9781617291241/part-2dot-designing-for-the-responsive-web/kindle_split_013_html#X2ludGVybmFsX0h0bWxWaWV3P3htbGlkPTk3ODE2MTcyOTEyNDElMkZraW5kbGVfc3BsaXRfMDEzX2h0bWwmcXVlcnk9)

Your task for this deliverable is to create style tiles for your final project that help establish some styles you can use in upcoming deliverables.

1. Brainstorm adjectives that describe the style you hope your site conveys. Then consider visual components that support the style you selected. Use the following suggested resources and tips:

    **Fonts and Typography**
    
    * Search for fonts at [Google Fonts](http://fonts.google.com). Here you can add font candidates to a collection, then review your collection to compare them side-by-side. Many fonts here also allow easy linking in your CSS, so be sure you use a font that allows you to download them to work with on your computer as these also usually can be easily used in CSS thanks to Google’s font service. **YOU MUST use a free web font from Google Fonts for this project.**
    * Show a strong sense of hierarchy and a balance of unity and variety. 
    * So your body copy (smallest type) should usually be no smaller than 13 points for the web, and usually not larger than 18 points. Then your headings should scale up from there with the lowest level being noticeably contrast in size, weight, and/or color from the body copy and each successive level scaling up as well. I sometimes use modular scale for determining my font sizes... put in your base font size such as 13 pt and then choose the desired ratio for scaling up each level. I usually work between 1.2 and 1.75. 
    * But don't forget to consider spacing as well: Spacing between lines inside a block of text such as a body paragraph is called leading. The default leading is usually a bit tight, so I like to play around with this and often increase it from the default value. We'll duplicate this appearance with `line-height` in CSS. Spacing between blocks of text can and should also be considered. Most design tools allow a control for adjusting space below blocks and you can also just separate the blocks manually by moving one block up or down closer to or further from another block. We'll duplicate this appearance using `margin` in CSS. If you move blocks up and down don't forget to also move the little label to the left of it so that we keep those aligned in the style tile.

    **Colors**
    
    * For the colors portion you might be trained to think of using just two or three colors in a typical graphic design. However, on the web we prefer to have a whole family of colors planned where each color fulfills a purpose in the system or is providing options for when we do. So while you might still use just two or three colors most of the time, take advantage of the style tile to plan a *wide range of colors*.
    * For selecting colors, use [Adobe Color](http://color.adobe.com), a free tool that has a large library of color scheme from which you can choose, as well as features that allow you to create your own. There’s even a free app for mobile phones that allows you to create color schemes from images you take on your phone.
    
    **Images and textures** 
    
    It is OK to use original images you found for the articles and products. However if you need new images or have other ideas you can search stock photography sites such as dreamstime.com, istockphoto.com, other such sites. [GraphicStock](http://graphicstock.com/authorize) provides free hi-resolutions downloads when you access this link from on campus.
    
2. Download this [style tile template](/docs/style-tile-template.sketch) for Sketch that has a smaller set of elements to mock up than the style tiles you might have seen at Samantha Warren's site.
3. Create **at least two style tiles** for your project site as two art boards in the same Sketch document. Use the following as a guide for using this template:
    * Start by adding imagery for your site in the provided space for imagery. This could be samples of products, cover images from articles, or other imagery that you think represents the style/feel you're going for.
    * Use the color panels to choose colors. Use the labels below each panel as a *guide* for what each color should represent in the site but feel free to modify this baseline as you need. *Remove any panels or labels that you are not using.*
    * Use the fonts you've researched, downloaded, and installed from Google Fonts to add sample styles. Move the elements up and down as needed in order to simulate the spacing around each element. In the paragraph and list item blocks, be sure to play around with the leading and space between blocks using the controls on the properties panel.
    * Duplicate one style tile art board to create your second style tile set and make changes to *ensure the second style tile is distinctly different from your first one*.
    * Name your two art boards logically, "Styles A" and "Styles B" or something very similar.
4. Create a corresponding project in InVision named `Web1 Lastname` but use your actual last name. If you happen to have the same last name as someone else in the class then also include your first name *after* the last name.
5. Add the professor as a collaborator on your project using the email address they've indicated you to use.

Next create a desktop-based project in InVision using the account you set up earlier in the course. *Be sure to add your professor as a collaborator on the project.*

Finally use the Craft plugin in Sketch to connect to your InVision account. Sync these two style tiles art boards to InVision. You do not need to link them together in InVision in any way; your professor will simply find them in your project.

Watch this rough cut video demonstrating how to complete Style Tiles and sync them to InVision:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/64Ms38kB7m8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Submit this deliverable in Moodle by the deadline indicated in the course schedule to indicate that you are ready for the professor to review your work in InVision.
