---
layout: activity
title: Project Deliverable 3 -- Content Collection
---

See the [Project Overview and Resource](/activities/pd00.html) page if needed.

Your goal in this deliverable is to collect the content, images and other assets you anticipate needing for your final project. This means collecting a  combination of articles and products as well as writing one "about this site" page yourself.

Read more about these and be sure to watch the demonstration video near the end of these instructions.

### The About Page

You must write a brief page that describes the site, and optionally, includes a brief biography (if relevant). Basically, this page can be anything you need in order to support or describe the articles and products in this site.

### Article Content Collection

Collecting the minimum of five articles for your site is a matter of finding relevant articles on the web and copying their details into a file you can refer to later when its time to build the actual pages.

Keep in mind that you must truly find "articles" for your site, as opposed to more static informational pages. Articles should have an title, author, and a date published. They should also ideally have a cover or lead image.

It is completely acceptable to use content and articles you find on the internet; we'll be citing the original author and date for each and only creating this site in the context of educational use. Since this project is being completed for a course that is not about writing our own content I do not expect you to generate but just to borrow and attribute.

We're not actually creating web pages yet, so you only need to collect the content and related image assets for now. Don't worry about any comments or advertisements throughout the article; clean up the article content to be simple and neat.

### Product Content Collection

You must also seek out at least five products to include in your site and harvest the content from them. This should include at least the following:

* The name of the product
* The price of the product
* An image of the product
* A description of the product.
* Optionally, some small set of additional content or specs for the product. Keep it simple.

Harvesting this content can be as simple as copying and pasting content into a Word file. For any images, however, try to download the image file itself and store them along with your content. Rename them as needed. Also collect all images you can for any product and archive them so that you have options later if you need them.

As mentioned before, we typically would not download and use other people’s images but we are doing so under educational fair use for this class.

### Image processing

You should also resize and/or crop any images you plan to use in the website based on the sizes you see in the provided wireframe file. This is your first chance to lear a bit about working with Sketch so be sure you've completed the Sketch tutorials provided in the Support section of the site and that you've identified where and when you'll use Sketch in the labs or on your own computer.

### Demonstration

> Demonstration video coming soon!

### Submission

Indicate you’re finished by submitting the PD3 assignment dropbox in Moodle. You do not need to attach any files but instead simply list the names of the articles and products you have collected.

Submit this deliverable in Moodle by the deadline indicated in the course schedule.
