---
layout: activity
title: Project Deliverable 4 -- Page Templates and Navigation
---

See the [Project Overview and Resource](/activities/pd00.html) page if needed.

For this deliverable you will add branding, navigation, footer, and overall organization to each of the site pages you created in PD2.

Follow these instructions:

1. Review the interactive sample site provided for the finished site project provided in the course website. Note the overall organization of the site, particularly the branding, navigation, and footer.
2. In Codio, open your root home page. In it, add the markup that you need in order to create the necessary structure for the site using the organizing tags you learned about in Lesson 4.
    * This should go directly inside the `<body>` tag.
    * You will need to create hyperlinks in the navigation list that correctly point to the corresponding pages of your site.
    * Ensure that you have a simple, appropriate structure for the page that could also work on other pages of the site.
    * Test the results in the browser and double-check your markup to eliminate any errors before you move on.
3. Duplicate this same overall structure in all the other pages of your site.
  * Ensure all the links are set up correctly in the other pages with the correct paths given the different folders in which each is located.
  * Place the name of each page as an `<h2>` under the masthead on each page so that you can verify you're on the correct page as you test the links in the next step.
4. Test all of these pages in a browser to ensure things work as they should. Troubleshoot as needed.

Watch how to set up page templates and navigation:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/C3XGrLJnlrk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Complete this deliverable in your project space in Codio by the deadline indicated in the course schedule.
