---
layout: activity
title: Project Deliverable 5 -- List Pages
---

See the [Project Overview and Resource](/activities/pd00.html) page if needed.

For this deliverable you will create three more pages of your site and add branding, navigation, footer, and overall organization to each of your existing pages.

Follow these instructions:

1. Review the interactive sample site provided for the finished site project provided in the course website. Note in particular the three list pages: the main home page, the articles list page and the products list page.
2. Now open three more pages: the main `index.html` page in the root folder, the "Products" page in `products/index.html` and the "Articles" page in `articles/index.html`.
3. Look at each of the corresponding pages in the interactive wireframe. Add the markup that recreates the overall content and structure from these wireframes, using the content that matches your intended site. Note the following:
  * The Articles page should list each of your five articles and hyperlink to each one even though you don't have the actual content in them yet.
  * The Products page should list each of your five products and hyperlink to each one even though you don't have the actual content in them yet.
  * The main home page should list three featured articles and three featured products and link to each one. There should also be a hyperlink under the articles that points to the articles page and a hyperlink under the products that points to the products page.
4. Test all of these pages in a browser to ensure things work as they should. Troubleshoot as needed.

> Video demonstration coming soon

Complete this deliverable in your project space in Codio by the deadline indicated in the course schedule.
