---
layout: activity
title: Project Deliverable 8 -- Design Comps
---

See the [Project Overview and Resource](/activities/pd00.html) page if needed.

**NOTE: Do not start on your design comps until you have feedback on your style tiles from the instructor. Otherwise you may be making changes you did not anticipate.**

Now that you have some sense of visual style based on the approved style tiles from the last deliverable, its time to design the pages of your site. Complete the following steps:

1. Download the [provided Sketch wireframe](/docs/project-wireframe.sketch) as a starting point for your work.
2. Beginning with the home page, design the masthead and footer areas as well as the overall background/frame of your page.
3. Duplicate these elements into the other pages of the site and finesse the content areas so that the whole layout is unified and appealing.
4. Add imagery in place of the temporary grey boxes, cropping and resizing your images as needed in order to fit the context and sizes provided in the wireframe.
5. Edit the content in the provided files to include actual content from these pages of your site.
6. Add variety and visual interest to the pages while also ensuring you maintain unity in the layout and site overall.
7. When ready, use the Craft plugin in Sketch to link to your InVision Account and sync your work with the project in InVision.
8. Switch to InVision and set up hotspots on each page in order to simulate user navigation between pages.

> Video demonstration of this process coming soon.

Submit this deliverable in Moodle by the deadline indicated in the course schedule to indicate that you are ready for the professor to review your work in InVision.
